my lovely white young and she is from
Korea ROK Korea the South part outlook
from the build boy lives and she's going
to show you how to make a stable in
Korean which is kitchen almost every
meal this is a pitcher kimchi recipe
which the cabbage kimchi and she give
exactly how they make it in South Korea
this kind of pet chicken to Patty Mills
Caviezel most Korean people even every
male with disability chipped on that cat
with it you don't need to wash
we're gonna wash later now second step
this much this is a sea salt so we need
evidence a source this much like this
now you need to just one cup of water
put in here mix up with a certain
category okay I'm gonna leave one hour
we'll still one hour let's mash to call
that and the ginger tea you don't need
much as the gingers this much and I got
maybe 30 to 35 dollar so you can mix
smash to like it because if you don't
have with this one you can give the
vendor right here this way since master
like this
okay now I got an oil smashed up
okay now we're sitting a half an hour so
we need them to turn over like this mix
up up and down like that then leave one
and a half now what next is step I'm
gonna cut the blue the terrorist I'm
gonna use it one carrot like a half the
letters and then curl like a six spring
audience so then I cut really simple
leathers like it this Tim see that we're
gonna cut down see that like it is
and then a user everything dissemble I
like to show a carrot see next same
thing
one more thing sing it now I'm gonna
watch the cab is it look the cabbie
seawater that are bigger now half so we
need a one she like more than five times
five times again we need to watch the
salt
not too hot just take easy but baby
a little way water you Nvidia water
and prim back voice down that up four
times okay
remember we chopped a camera and the
green onions and lettuce put it out here
we chop the garlic and ginger and
everything if you do not like this spicy
you don't have to put in everything I
like to spice it then I'm gonna put in
there dry buy the paper probably like
husband because I like it spicy three
four five six seven eight nine ten and
I'm gonna use your brown sugar just a
one spoon and put in the fish sauce
probably five to supalen okay now
Little Mix
mix up then you can put in the cavity
inside everything I'm gonna mix up I can
smell very spicy okay now give these
Mike inches of finish I'm gonna text you
later
wow this is a spicy been tasty thank you
for watching
granite boy chef very spicy
bye bye